introducing the new foot tech scooter
so what comes in the Fluke tech box one
piece stainless chromoly bars alloy
triple plan painted flipping and locking
system customized two-sided brake system
with the first ever double sided concave
deck recessed to turn griptape custom
reinforced ports flip tech 100mm billet
wheels is a BEC nine bears foot tech
custom double head tube and all the
necessary tools provided
so now it's time to assemble the foot
tech suit
firstly under the front wheel with the
two allen keys
secondly slide the triple clamp on to
the flip tech bars and place the bars
threaded part of the fork push the bars
completely down
and doing that astonish should slide out
a couple of inches then you need to
screw the star not use the thread on the
bottom of the bar does the tool provided
creating its impression system 'national
the star not is taught but still allows
the bar to spin freely
then straighten the bars but on the trip
record put the wheel back on and you can
now run the flip tech scooter like any
other student but there is one last
thing for the first time in the ski
industry the revolutionary libtech
scooter allows you to flip the deck on
rotating axis to unlock this innovative
feature
locate the spring loaded for bear walk
and completely you can now whip like a
scooter carve like a snowboard and flip
like escape